well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about vice
president pence
he's uh been in the background
throughout this entire administration
but all eyes are certainly on him today
it is expected that the house will ask
the vice president to invoke the 25th
amendment
and to take the reins of the executive
branch
according to cnn reporting from
sources close to the vice president
pence is hoping to spend his remaining
days in office telegraphing to our
allies and adversaries
that we have a fully functioning
government
that's an interesting thought right
there
that the vice president's primary
concern
is convincing the rest of the world
that we still have a government
that's interesting i'm going to suggest
that if in the middle of a massive
public health issue
and all of this the vice president's
primary concern
is signaling that we have a functioning
government
we don't because
the executive branch seems pretty
preoccupied with things other than
governing it appears
that the chief executive has just signed
out already he's done
and the vice president is concerned with
appearances
congress is preoccupied with attempting
to get some semblance of a functioning
executive branch
this statement this idea really
indicates that we don't have a fully
functioning
government you know who can change that
pence pence can
you know i don't know if it's going to
become a big story later it might
but there's a rumor that vice president
pence
displayed an immense amount of personal
courage
during the recent unpleasantness at the
capitol
and that it was in fact pence
who invoked rule 303 in the truest
meaning of the term
if that rumor is true if it was in fact
vice president pence
who overrode the president and released
the national guard
in that moment at that exact second
vice president pence acknowledged
that the president wasn't fit to lead
he already invoked it if that occurred
he's already done it i don't know that a
formal acknowledgement of that
is uh such a drastic step
such a big deal
but it would certainly move things along
i understand the political realities of
it
i'm not sure that politics
should come above the country though
i don't know that
having our elected officials spend their
time
signaling that the government is
functioning
is more important than the government
actually functioning
all eyes are on the vice president
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day